- Hi!
- We're Rainy Day Dreamers.
- And we have found some more
chocolate eggs to try out!
These have penguins inside.
♫ Rainy Day Dreamers
♫ Rainy Day Dreamers ♫
- [Parris] One of our great
followers over on Instagram
told us that our local
supermarket here in Texas, H-E-B,
had a new kind of chocolate surprise egg,
and sure enough, we looked at our H-E-B.
Here they are, 99 cents each.
Let's see what 99 cents buys you
in a surprise chocolate egg.
When was the last chocolate
egg video that we did?
How long has it been?
- A couple months?
- [Roxanna] Long ago.
- [Parris] Months!
Roxanna is in the mood for chocolate after
surviving day four, right?
Of school?
Everything going okay?
- It's going so much better.
A lot of the sophomores
are being so nice to me.
- Wow, I'm happy to hear that.
Everything still going well for you?
- Yeah, it keeps getting better.
- Good!
Well, and now we've got chocolate eggs.
These are chocolate plus toy surprise,
and the copyright on the box is 2015,
so these really are new.
There's 12 different toys.
Let's open 'em up and see.
99 cents is a pretty good deal
for a chocolate egg and a toy.
Did they break in shipping?
We will find that out.
Everybody's make it through shipping okay?
- Yeah.
- Oh, broken here.
- I got's a crack.
- Ah, oh well.
- Mine's intact, so just
like one little chip up here.
- Pretty good.
They are cute, the aluminum is cute,
but the egg is just egg-shaped.
It's not like the Yowie eggs
where they have the shape of the figure.
Okay, let's open them up and--
Oh, so many pieces.
This is how they're allowed to
sell these eggs in the U.S.,
'cause the chocolate's already broken.
There's no chance you wouldn't
know there was a toy inside.
- Oh, same.
- Yeah, how is it they're in the box,
and they're so broken?
Hold on one second.
- Oh, look, it's sorta like a--
- Ximena! Look, her's made it!
- Yowie egg thing, because it has
like that thing in the middle
to split the chocolate in half.
- Right.
- Except mine is the only one
that actually got split in only half.
- Ximena's very observant.
There is this lip on the egg,
and this does seem to, I
guess, satisfy the FDA,
or whoever it is here, that
says you can't put toys in food,
because people could choke on them,
so by having that, you...
Show how there's a little
blue line right there,
so you can see that
it's not all chocolate.
That's supposed to be the visual clue that
tells you that, hey,
there's a toy in here.
Anyway, that's good.
I don't have much of a toy.
That's not very heavy,
but let's try the
chocolate first, and see.
Yeah, go ahead Roxanna.
Oh, now you gotta break it, how sad.
Not a lot to it,
the chocolate in this one.
I remember that from before.
This is the same company that makes
Spider-man surprise eggs.
Remember we did those?
- [Roxanna] Mmmmmm.
- The chocolate's okay.
What do you think?
- It's okay.
- Yet I keep eating more.
- Didn't say we weren't gonna eat it.
Just said that it's okay.
They have these also,
you probably don't have H-E-B near you,
unless you live in Texas,
they have these, last
I saw, at Five Below,
and they're about a dollar, also,
so you might be able to find these.
I haven't seen this
particular penguin one, yet.
Check out Five Below if
you'd like to find them.
- Coincidental thing happened.
- Yes, what happened?
- There was a pep rally?
- [Parris] Umm hmm.
- And it was neon-themed.
I found out on the bus, and...
- Oh, and you were already dressed for it.
- In my natural instincts to automatically
dress that way before I
even know I'm supposed to.
- This is bigger.
You could use it like a mouth and breathe
(indistinct speech) breathe in chocolate.
- [Parris] Mmmmm.
- This is so good.
- Kind of aromatherapy.
- I could do this all day,
just have egg after egg after egg.
- We did that in Mexico,
don't you remember?
- And we got sick!
- I remember that, that was fun,
and really good.
- Too much chocolate, we
just started acting weird.
Suddenly everything was funny, to us.
Everybody ready for the egg?
We'll save a little chocolate for later.
- Yep.
- I think they pull apart.
(egg banging on table)
- Press to open.
- Oh, the girl can read!
- [Ximena] On both sides.
- [Parris] Other than me.
Okay.
- Got it, kinda.
Oh my gosh!
What in the world was that?
- It's all slippery from the chocolate.
See, this is a dangerous food item.
The FDA was right!
- I just saw it flying in towards my face
and it was a blur!
- [Ximena] I got it open.
- [Roxanna] No,do it like this.
No, you have to go like this,
and then just go like that.
- Look, there's that, and there's that,
you press on it, and it opens!
- Okay, I got it, yep, here we go!
One, two, three, oh.
Just paper and more paper in mine.
Oh you got the good stuff!
- That means you got stickers!
- Oh, you're right, it is stickers, okay.
Oh, these are cute.
I'd rather have a toy.
Oh, Ximena got the actual penguin,
the little stand-up penguin.
Roxanna, I think, got the next best one.
She got a little deck of
penguin playing cards,
and I got the stickers.
Let's show ya'.
Here's a little paper inset
that comes inside the egg.
It shows you all 12 things you can get,
and then the first one
I'll show you is mine.
It is stickers.
Here they are.
Here's Ximena's penguin.
I think this is the coolest one to get.
Good job, Ximena.
Okay, Roxanna, let's take a look at yours.
Here's the box of cards.
I pulled some cards out to see
if maybe they were penguins,
at least on the face cards, but no,
but on the back, Roxanna did point out,
on the back of each card
there is a picture of a penguin.
So what did you think of these
new penguin surprise eggs?
- I liked the little figurine,
and the mini playing cards,
and the stickers are cool.
- They're cool, okay.
What'd you think?
- (clears throat) I love the chocolate.
I mean, if it's chocolate, it's chocolate,
and chocolate's always good.
- I agree.
- No matter what kind of chocolate it is.
- There's better chocolate,
than not better chocolate, but okay.
- Yes, but chocolate is still chocolate.
- Okay.
- Yeah, I mean, there is some chocolates
that are absolutely so horrible
that even though it's
chocolate, it's horrible,
but this wasn't that kind of chocolate.
- So, see, there are chocolate's that bad.
- That's frosting.
- You get those at Easter.
Some of those bunnies are--
Those solid bunnies
that are two feet tall,
and eight pounds, and they're 99 cents,
oh, that's not good chocolate.
- It's not?
- No.
- But those are so good.
It's like, they taste just like my eggs.
- Very inexpensive.
- No, what I'm talking about is that they,
it's not really chocolate,
but they call it chocolate,
so, technically, you have
to call it chocolate,
but it's not really chocolate,
so that's the only chocolate that's bad.
- But no, my eggs though, my eggs!
I mean, I know they're really cheap,
but it's like, some of
the best chocolate ever.
- Oh, Roxanna, okay.
- Sometimes cheap isn't necessarily bad.
- Our viewers will tell
you here, in the comments,
people who live outside the U.S.,
that the Kinder eggs,
and the chocolate in
that is SO much better
than this kind of thing.
- Well, the Zachary
chocolate's really good.
That's who makes my eggs!
- I know.
- And it's delicious!
I get it every year.
- You love 'em, that's
good enough, alright.
So if you're looking for
these penguin surprise eggs,
and you live in Texas, check at H-E-B,
otherwise, check at Five Below.
If I can find them online,
I'll put a link down below this video.
We'll be back tomorrow, Friday,
the end of the first week of school,
and give you a little bit
more of an official update
on how they're doing, how I'm doing, and
we'll be reviewing something.
You can keep checking back for that video,
or you can click that
Subscribe button down below.
You'll get notified when our videos go up,
and you will join the dream team!
♫ It's raining at our house
♫ Is it raining where you are?
♫ Kind of day to stay in and play
♫ Or eat a big chocolate bar
♫ Hang out with friends
until the weather ends
♫ And you don't have to go too far
♫ Rainy Day Dreamers
♫ We're always where you are ♫